Date: 8/28/2022
time: 10:30 am est 


At approximately 1030 am est the discord servers security was breached. A hacker named "Gustavo" was able to complete all verification 
firewalls and gain access to the server. After entry Gustavo then proceeded to ask who the admins of the server were. Shortly after all 
discord channels were deleted. Multiple spam channels then being created. 

The hacker was capable of breaching the server due to a few security holes. Mainly, the bot that is utilized on the server for printing the
price and percent change of lunc was developed in house during the early days of the server when security was not of top priority. When the bot was 
in develpment it was utilizing a public server. This free server published the bots code as well as its token to a public domain. When the bot 
was put into full production the bot was moved to a private paid server. But removing its code and deleteing the accounts for its test server 
was overlooked. At some point in time over the last three months while Hana and myself have been figuring out the role permission structure, the
lunac bot was given admin permissions to the server. Due to the bots code and token being publicly exposed Gustavo was capable of compromising its 
token and gaining access to the servers administrative permission. 

Gustavo then proceeded to delete every channel in the server. Replacing them with multiple spam channels. 

It was discovered to be Gustavo from him being able to gain access to a test server. Gustavo was banned post attack but pre-confirmation due to suspicious 
acitvity by his person previous to the attack. 


The bot and its code has been removed from the free server and all permissions were stripped. The bot was also kicked from the discord server. 
The server hosting the bot has been suspended. All prvious tokens utilized by the bought have been terminated. 
The bot if brought back to the server will be redeveloped with new code and tokens, the code and tokens never having been published to a public domain. 
